foundations you checked the equipment found
their slopes stocked with food especially
drink it up and now you are ready to go
but first some tips that
will increase your confidence and increase
mood to go put
front foot in mounts and snap into place
him don't forget to fasten the strap for
riding need to be able to carry weight
on the front foot and hold the balance with
using your hands and using your free leg
to move forward when snowboarding
go confidently put your back foot
transfer weight to front mount
both legs are learning to make a turn for this
keep moving with two legs on
the board when you are ready to turn
put the weight on the forefoot and
turn the matter in the direction where you
want to go
feel the board listening to your
rear pins
slide and in the usual position press
heels in the board and then turn them
using his knees as leverage and
shoulders for balance Take
level stand for turning the main
sliding elements
are balance the ability to keep weight
on the front foot and practice skill
slips necessary to drive on
harry and go to the new armchair stage
armchair
scary only green newcomer
but if you are already confident on
snow then lift just complements your
impressions of the movement most
Cases required for the front leg
remained in the mount and the strap was
always dressed on other lifts
for example gondolas may be asked to take off
snowboard and take it with you make sure
what place type lifts and know
rules for handling them and slowly
drive up to the landing site
landing stop most cases
there is a stop sign necessary
put a snowboard in the center of the mark when
front seats fit the landing site
in 100
you follow him place pointer
landing look at the chair and make sure
that she is not skewed then the chair
get close to you sit on it base
while keeping straight until you get off
ramps
sitting on the chair gently shift the weight
body in the back lower the bar
safety and enjoy the views
ask all your questions
lift operator and don't forget that
on the mountain, everyone was once new at
disembarking from the chair immediately remember all
sliding elements raise the bar
safety turn the body into
direction of the ramp wait for the chair
takes you to the landing site when the board
securely stand on the ramp install
back foot on a snowboard and straighten up with
ramps need to drive fast here
at the top let's start working out
riding and turnaround basics settle down on
board on a flat surface that will allow
delay it from sliding off many
snowboarders love to sit on mounts
This position allows you to quickly get up and
move put on the rear mounts and
we can begin to work out
turns on the front and back repent in
both bends are used mechanics
upper body rotate the body in
direction of rotation
bend your knees and relax them
it helps control movement
let's turn on the rear edge turn
performed on the rear edge of the snowboard
transfer the weight to the front heel upper
part of the body must remain on one
lines with the trajectory of the movement of the board
keep your knees straight
get ready for a turn
use your knees to steer
snowboarding in turn when entering a turn
a snowboard will bend under your weight
keep balance this is needed for
order to use the whole turn and
bend the board if you press on the board
fingers but
she will ride on the front cante mechanic
body remains the same bend your knees
relax body is centered
bard load on the apron
when making a turn, save
body balance when stopping technique
the same
shift the center of gravity to the edge and
guide the board perpendicular to the slope
remember keep balance on the board and
start turning the body in his
side bend the knees traverse help
control speed and save
balance at ending
if you slow down push
the front foot is surely the secret of successful
skating is to always ride on
turning conti in this position aboard
always stable out of it is possible
following items